Categorically then alphabetically-sorted list of mods we've tested in the past. **Obvious mentions and active mods don't need to be written down. 
We all know CUP and ACE work.**
Green mods constitute mods that are clear to enter use at any time.
Yellow mods constitute mods that aren't actively used for a variety of reasons or have caveats to use.
Red mods are mods that are on a strict no-use basis until critical issues are resolved.

STATUS GREEN:

Breach (Author: ASmallDinosaur):
In Brief: Adds useful tools and scripts for breaching. This is likely to make it into the main modlist when the HTMLs are migrated to Github anyway.


STATUS YELLOW:

CSAT Modification Project:
In Brief: Useful mod that adds immense drip to CSAT but has inconsistent quality, duplicate items and, most importantly, broken with ACE making CSAT gear very overpowered
This doesn't pose a huge issue if the players are playing CSAT (so long as difficulty is balanced around this), but it's highly recommended not to field OPFOR CSAT
with this modpack.
Last Checked: Mar 22, 2023


STATUS RED:

Blastcore: Murr Edition
In Brief: Graphical overhaul of many of the game's effects. Looks real pretty, but murders frames on all but the best rigs and makes the game unplayable for those on
lower-end rigs. Could be whitelisted for clientside usage, but hasn't come up yet or been tested.

Freestyles Crash Landings:
In Brief: A mod that locks helicopters at "critical damage" but not full destruction until they hit the ground, making crash landing always viable and preventing 
insta-death. The mod hasn't been updated since 2020 and as of last testing caused game-breaking bugs with HP, leading to players taking instant death from any damage.
It also seems to break other vehicles, and make aircraft nigh-indistructible while dismounted.
Last Checked: Nov 22, 2020

Enhanced GPS:
In Brief: A version of the GPS that looks better and is more readable, right up until you're in a vehicle. High-contrast colors and the addition of massive amounts
of visual fluff makes reading the GPS impossible when you need it most. The GPS is also extremely bright during darker ops.
Last Checked: Some time in 2022

Enhanced Map:
In Brief: Causes massive FPS loss to some users when opening the map, general FPS loss when zoomed out on the map.
Last Checked: Some time in 2022
